Allow to create svg from image directly (#240)
echemdb/svgdigitizer: doc/news/svg-from-img.rst

**Added:**

> * Added an option in the CLI to create linked SVG file from image directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the option `create-svg` in the CLI to create an SVG with an embedded or linked PNG or JPEG directly from an image.
```

Reviewer: is there already an option here to choose between linked and embedded?

Author: Should we really add this option for the user directly?
